# Naprstek-Smith Interpolation
Interpolation method developed by Tomas Naprstek and Richard Smith.

Run NaprstekSmithInterpolation.cs in a C# compiler (Visual Studio recommended) to use the method as is. All source code is in this file. Comments in code and description of method in paper should suffice to be able to run, however if any other help is needed, or for further information contact: tnaprstek@laurentian.ca

Two test files, Sudbury.txt, and BaseModel1-250mInterval-1nTNoise.txt are included in the GitHub repository. If the C# code is run as is, it will run on the Sudbury file. Sudbury data is from: Geological Survey of Canada, 1989, Canadian Aeromagnetic Data Base, Airborne Geophysics Section, GSC - Central Canada Division, Geological Survey of Canada, Earth Sciences Sector, Natural Resources Canada. Data set accessed 8 July 2015 at http://gdr.agg.nrcan.gc.ca/gdrdap/dap/search-eng.php. The synthetic dataset was developed using PyGMI: Cole, P., 2015, PyGMI, https://github.com/Patrick-Cole/pygmi, accessed 20 October 2015.

Also included in the GitHub repository is a dll and omn file for running the method as a custom menu in Oasis Montaj. Files tested and working with Geosoft's Oasis Montaj V9. Follow the instructions given on Geosoft’s support site for importing custom menus, using the NaprstekSmith.dll and NaprstekSmith.omn files. This will allow the creation of a new menu inside of Oasis Montaj. Once run, the plugin will output a .txt file that can be used in the “Import ASCII Grid…” option under the “Grid and Image”, “Utilities” menu. Information regarding the importing process is written at the top of the output file.
